---
title: Insert title here
key: 77a9ab99dc6f7270085155ef4271672e

---
## Breaking down Linear Regression

```yaml
type: "TitleSlide"
key: "a926230204"
```

`@lower_third`

name: Cyrus Rustomji
title: Instructor at DataCamp


`@script`
Hello everyone and welcome to Preparing for Machine Learning Interview Questions in Python.
In this first lesson, we will learn how to spot if an interviewer is asking questions on a Linear Regression model, where to use them, and how to regularize it.


---
## Q & A

```yaml
type: "FullCodeSlide"
key: "15b0cab39d"
```

`@part1`
Which model would be best to use if your goal is to predict the US immigration quota?

a. SVM

b. Logistic Regression

c. Linear Regression

d. Naive Bayes


Answer C


`@script`
Which model would be best to use if your goal is to predict the US immigration quota?

(Pause for 10 seconds)

The correct answer is C because you’re trying to predict a number. The other three models outputs have probabilistic outcomes, which would not work for predicting the US immigration quota.


---
## Linear Regression Overview

```yaml
type: "FullImageSlide"
key: "208994397a"
```

`@part1`



`@script`
So first, a quick overview, a linear regression model is a model that summarizes and studies relationships between two continuous variables, a predictor variables (denoted as X) vs. response variable (denoted as y).


---
## Building a Linear Regression Model

```yaml
type: "FullCodeSlide"
key: "2d1eba009c"
```

`@part1`
```
from sklearn linear model import LinearRegression
X = df[‘X1’,’X2’,’X3’]
y = df[‘y’]
lr1 = LinearRegression()
lr1.fit(X,y)
lr1.score(X,y)
```


`@script`
This is how to build a Linear Regression model when asked to build one during an interview. Make sure to mention that you use sklearn as that is a highly functional data science library used for almost every major data science model.


---
## Let's practice!

```yaml
type: "FinalSlide"
key: "a629224bde"
```

`@script`
Now let's practice and see if you can answer more questions relating to linear regression models and build one from scratch.

